\chapter{Conclusions}
\section{Conclusions}
In this work we have seen the application of the TVD methods for the 
approximation of the convective term in the momentum equation of the 
Navier-Stokes equations and of the RANS equations, within a finite volumes 
framework. The aim was to improve the results obtained employing the 
first order upwind scheme, using a method that introduces less numerical 
viscosity in the solution, but that at the same time guarantees the stability 
and avoids the creation of unphysical oscillations.

In all the test that have been performed, we have experienced an increased 
accuracy of the solution with respect to the one obtained with the first order 
upwind method. The spatial convergence rates in the tests with analytical 
solution were between 1.5 and 2 in many cases, while with the upwind were 1. 
The differences were more relevant at $Re\simeq1000$ rather than at $Re\simeq1$ 
because of the increased importance of the convective term with respect to the 
diffusive one. Moreover, employing a BDF2 scheme for the temporal 
discretization, we have available an high order discretization both in space 
and in time, thus allowing a more accurate study of transient phenomena. 

With this tool we have studied a coupled model made of a free-flow and a 
porous-medium flow. In particular we have focused on the effects that a shaped 
interface, with small cavities in our case, has on the flow field.
At first, we have considered only the free-flow and we have studied how the 
velocity is affected by the presence of two cavities at the interface and which 
is the distance between them such that the variation in the flow field because 
of the first cavity does not influence anymore the behaviour around the second 
one. We have obtained that, for cavities long $\SI{0.5}{m}$, after a distance 
equal to one cavity the flow field has recovered the configuration it had 
before the first cavity; however each cavity introduces an increase in the 
turbulent kinetic energy, thus accelerating the growth of the turbulent 
boundary layer.

Afterwards we have chosen a distance such that the two cavities do not 
influence each other and we have placed a porous-medium between them, in order 
to analyse how its presence affects the flow field. We have observed that only 
for values of permeability greater than $\SI{e-8}{m^2}$ the flow field in the 
free-flow shows noticeable differences with respect to the case without the 
porous-medium. In particular not only the fact the the flow can enter into the 
porous-medium has an effect, but also the Beaver-Joseph-Saffman slip condition 
that was imposed at the interface between the two subdomains. The presence of 
the eddies in the cavities influences the flow in the porous-medium, because in 
correspondence the corner eddy it can enter also from a direction opposite to 
the one of the main flow. However when this happens the values of the velocity 
are relatively small ans thus less influential than when it enters in the other 
direction.
\section{Future developments}
Future developments to this thesis can be devoted to the investigation of more 
complex models, involving multiphase, multi-component non-isothermal models. 
With more accurate methods a better prediction of evaporation rates could be 
performed.
The TVD methods have been adopted only in the momentum equation, but, in 
particular with non-isothermal models with non constant density, it could be 
interesting to analyse their application to the continuity equation.
Within the \DUMUX framework a possibility to improve the feasibility of the 
simulations is to employ an adaptive grid, which could involve hanging nodes, 
thus a challenge would be the applications of the TVD scheme to these special 
grids. Moreover a parallelization of the code would be beneficial for the 
computational time, but the extended stencil of high order methods requires 
attention whilst decomposing the domain.
At last kinds of high order methods could be studied, like the so called 
ENO/WENO methods.% mettere riferimento

